["Too Simple" playing over headphones]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Hey, what it is ♪
♪ Too simple
It's not hard ♪
♪ No sweat
Yeah, it's really no problem ♪
♪ Got drip, got juice... ♪
You sure this is his place?
According to his student record,
this is it.
Then who is that?
[Raymond] I'm guessing his roommate.
I'll go say hello. You check the bedrooms.
-What the--?
-[music stops]
I'm sorry to startle.
We're looking for Andrew Kennison.
-Who the hell are you? How did you get in?
-Shh.
I should clarify.
I'm not taking questions.
That's unfortunate.
-What's your name?
-Marcus.
Marcus, relax.
Our business is with Andrew.
Andrew's not here.
You're his roommate?
-Yes. We're in the same graduate program.
-Ah.
You must be a smart young fellow, Marcus.
Smart enough to tell us where Andrew is.
But I don't know.
[Raymond] When do you expect him?
I don't know.
Andrew's missing.
Missing?
It's been a few weeks.
He left to go to the library
at 5:00 p.m. to study.
We had a Phys-Chem final.
He never came home.
Nobody knows where he is.
Andrew, please, try to understand.
How can I when you
haven't given me any information?
-I told you what I can.
-You told me nothing!
That my life is in danger?
What does that mean?
If someone's threatening me,
I deserve to know--
I've tried to explain.
I can't tell you more
without compromising
a federal investigation.
I came when the Marshals called
because I know you're upset.
I didn't get to say goodbye to anyone.
My wife suffers from mental illness.
She's in a facility in Bethesda.
I'm finishing my graduate degree.
I'm missing classes, exams.
[Cooper] I'm aware and I'm sorry.
But keeping you safe
is the Bureau's primary concern.
How long do I have to stay here?
I don't know.
We're still investigating.
My hope is we can have
a quick breakthrough.
Get you home very soon.
Not good enough.
I'm not under arrest.
What if I want a lawyer?
What if I just leave?
We won't stop you.
But then we won't be able to protect you.
I'm asking you for more time.
I don't want you to be here
for one second longer than necessary.
How'd it go with Kennison?
Not well.
He's threatening to leave.
-And you think he'll do it?
-He's understandably upset.
I bought time but if I don't
tell him something, he's gonna walk.
Our conversation was consumed
by confusion, anger, fear.
His or yours?
Both.
This whole thing makes me sick,
so please tell me you found something.
You tell me.
Our working theory is that
whoever's blackmailing you
is a New York City detective.
That's about 5200 suspects to start with.
Of those, about 2600 are white males,
which is how the bartender described him.
How many were working the night
Doug was killed?
1400. Which leaves
about 1200 names on that list.
Now, it's a lot.
But odds are one of the names
on that list is behind this.
I'll take a look.
Maybe I'll recognize one.
But if there's an NYPD detective
willing to frame me for murder...
I have no idea why.
-Hmm.
-[cell phone ringing]
Got Weecha's text. Said you have a case.
-I do.
-Fine.
-Tell me where. I'll come meet you.
-Not this time.
-Assemble the troops. I'll come to you.
-Does that mean you found something?
[call drops]
[Raymond] You all know
we've been tracing the origins
of this device
we recovered from Elizabeth.
Have you figured out who made it?
I have.
But it's not just a tracking device.
That's one of its features,
but it was designed to help people,
not stalk them.
Who exactly was that thing
supposed to help?
[Raymond] Patients.
In this particular case, those
with certain severe psychiatric disorders.
It's both a delivery
and monitoring system.
Its capsule is loaded with medication,
and as Aram previously discussed,
when it makes contact
with the patient's stomach acid,
it sends a wireless signal
confirming compliance
-and the location of the patient.
-To whom?
Doctors. Loved ones.
Some patients have trouble remembering
if they've taken their medication
or even where they are
or where they might be going.
If we're talking
about the most severe disorders,
skipping meds can cause problems.
It can.
And in this case, it did.
-Aram, Weecha sent you a profile.
-Oh.
Sent me an e-mail.
[Raymond] The designer's name
is Andrew Kennison.
Several years ago, his young wife,
over the course of multiple days,
failed to take doses
of the powerful anti-psychotic medications
her doctors had prescribed.
The result was horrific and tragic.
She took the lives
of her sister and her mother
when they came for a holiday visit.
Oh, my God.
Afterward, Andrew Kennison
went back to school.
A graduate program at MIT.
He designed this
hoping that it might prevent
what happened to his wife and family
from ever happening again.
So it wasn't him?
He designed it
but sounds like he had no connection.
I don't know. I can't ask him.
Why not? We can just get him. He's at MIT.
He's missing.
-[Ressler] Since when?
-[Raymond] A few weeks.
He left the library.
Hasn't been seen since.
That's probably not a coincidence.
I agree. Which is why Andrew Kennison
is the next name on the Blacklist.
-[Ressler] There's a chance he's dead.
-[Raymond] A good one.
All we know is someone took him,
someone who didn't want him found,
and we need to know why.
So where do we start?
His roommate reported him missing
to the campus police.
They've been investigating.
I'd start there.
Harold?
What?
-You okay with that?
-Yeah.
I mean, yes, of course.
Agent Ressler, Agent Zuma,
head up to Boston right away.
Harold.
I want you to know. I realize...
how difficult all this must be for you.
-You do?
-Of course.
I know how much you loved Elizabeth.
How hard it's been to move forward.
When I came back, I knew what it meant
to go down this road.
I knew what searching
for the truth might do to me.
But I was so focused on my own need,
I didn't think enough
about what it might do to you.
You're apologizing? To me?
Commiserating, really.
We all want the same thing.
Closure. Accountability.
And I'm confident
that we will find whoever did this.
And when we do,
they will be the one who is sorry.
Agents Ressler and Zuma?
Ted Morrison, I'm the officer assigned
to the Kennison case.
Thank you for meeting with us.
You kidding?
I've been trying
to get ahold of the Bureau.
Thank you for sharing info.
[Ressler] I'm not sure we follow.
We're not here to share information.
We were hoping you could update us.
Update you?
Is this some kind of joke?
Nobody's joking. We're here to help.
Okay, well, these are surveillance images
from outside the campus library.
Andrew Kennison finished studying
at 10:00 p.m.
When he exited,
he was confronted by an unknown man.
They spoke for a few minutes,
then they got into that sedan and left.
You run the plates?
The first day.
And guess what? It's a federal vehicle.
Registered to the U.S. Marshals Service.
I've been calling them and the FBI
for weeks to ask what I'm dealing with.
No one's gotten back.
Bureaucracy at its finest.
[Morrison] Now that you're here,
I'm thinking the right hand
doesn't know what the left hand is doing.
Who the hell is that?
You're not hearing me.
I'm saying it's all connected.
I'm trying to understand.
Whoever killed Doug and is blackmailing me
also wanted Kennison to disappear. Why?
Kennison created the device
we found in Elizabeth.
He must have info on who's responsible,
details the killer
didn't want us to learn.
Slow down.
I didn't see it.
Whoever targeted me
also targeted Elizabeth Keen.
And I helped him.
I disappeared a witness
who could help us find
the person who orchestrated her death.
Take a breath.
Listen to me.
If you tell the truth now,
there is a good chance
that both of us are going to prison.
Harold.
Harold!
[Gwynn] Sorry. What's the question?
The vehicle.
It's registered to the Marshals Service.
It's one of ours.
There a problem?
We're with a specialized Bureau task force
and we're looking for Andrew Kennison.
According to these photos,
he was last seen getting into this vehicle
on the night he disappeared.
Of course.
Of course?
Does that mean he's in custody?
We checked.
He has no criminal record.
He's not a fugitive.
Not sure what's happening.
Kennison's in our custody
because the Bureau requested it.
He's not a suspect.
He's a potential victim.
Are you saying
he's in the Witness Protection Program?
Yeah, his life's in danger.
-[Dembe] What makes you think that?
-The Bureau made the assessment.
We're not in the business
of second guessing
an assistant director of the FBI.
You're gonna have to repeat that.
You should talk to Harold Cooper.
He arranged for the protection.
That's not possible.
[Gwynn] That's a fact.
He supervised the transport.
He met with Kennison yesterday
in one of our safehouses.
[Aram] You're saying--?
Wait, what exactly are you saying?
Kennison's in Witness Protection.
Cooper ordered it.
That's him.
I don't understand. Why?
[Dembe] Same reason you put anyone in.
You don't want them found.
-Found by us?
-[Dembe] Yes.
And Raymond.
You can't be serious.
This isn't happening.
It's hard to believe,
but I don't see any way around the facts.
[Ressler] Let's go back to the beginning.
What do we know?
One, we think someone
orchestrated Keen's death.
Someone who knew Vandyke would kill her
and used him to get the job done
-without exposing himself.
-Or herself.
Two, Kennison may have information
that could lead us to the real killer,
and now we learn that Cooper
made sure Kennison disappeared.
Because he didn't want us
to find out who killed Liz?
We need to take emotion out.
-I cannot do this.
-[Park] We can't ignore the truth.
Cooper knew where Kennison was.
Yet he stood there while
Reddington put his name on the Blacklist.
He sent us to Boston.
He intentionally hid the truth.
There has to be an explanation.
Look at the timing!
He put Kennison in the program
long before Mr. Reddington
knew who to look for.
He did it after we found the device.
Because he knew once we did,
we'd go looking.
So what?
Mr. Cooper wanted Liz dead?
Say it.
Be clear about what you are suggesting.
Mr. Cooper was working
with whoever killed Liz,
and now he's protecting whoever did it
by lying to our faces?
We're just looking at the facts.
My question is, what do we do?
Go to Reddington?
If Cooper's involved,
who do we tell? Panabaker?
We could work the case ourselves.
Confirm if it's true.
[Aram]
You mean set a trap? For Mr. Cooper?
No, I'm not doing it.
We are not doing it.
There has to be an explanation,
and I'm going to go up there
and ask him what it is.
If he knows we're onto him,
it's gonna be a lot harder.
[Aram] I don't care.
I'm not targeting Mr. Cooper
behind his back.
You know what? Aram's right.
We all love the guy.
And God knows
he deserves every benefit of the doubt.
I should've told you.
I'm not entirely sure why I didn't.
I obstructed justice,
tampered with evidence,
lied to the police--
Those may be the least of your concerns.
It's no defense, but I want you to know,
when I decided to put Kennison
into Witness Protection,
I had no idea he had any connection
to Elizabeth's death.
You run the Reddington task force,
and it never occurred to you
that you were being targeted
because of your connection to me?
Not at first.
I didn't know I was targeted at all.
Koster, my wife's ex-lover, was dead.
I had no memory
of what happened that night.
For a time,
I honestly believed I killed him.
You didn't think I could help?
I was frozen.
I could barely admit it to myself.
But it wasn't the truth, Harold.
The minute you realized
you were being blackmailed,
I should've been your first call.
It wasn't that simple.
By then, I'd gotten Charlene involved.
She lied to the detective.
My good friend Lew Sloan
had risked everything
by altering my service weapon.
We're done here.
I told you the day I agreed to come back
that whoever killed Elizabeth
would be held accountable.
-And I want that too.
-Tell me where Kennison is.
Where can I find him?
He's at a safehouse guarded by Marshals.
Where?
I won't tell you.
I'll have the Marshals bring him in.
We'll question him here.
My sources run deep, Harold.
With or without you, I'll have
his location by the end of the day.
Won't help you hurt him.
Whether I hurt him or not
has nothing to do with your help.
And I'm sorry to say, Harold,
you're the one who needs help right now.
It was you.
I understand.
There's no defense.
I should've trusted you.
Told you everything the day I woke up
and realized Doug was dead.
So this whole time, you've been
investigating who killed him on your own?
Not just Koster, but the bartender
who spiked my drink that night.
I wasn't entirely alone.
Lew's been with me.
I'm still trying to understand.
Someone framed you for Koster's murder?
Yes.
It could've worked.
I woke up in my car with no alibi.
Your gun was a match for the bullet.
So whoever had you drugged
must've used it to kill Koster.
Knowing the police would find it.
They would've,
if Lew hadn't altered the barrel.
Why would somebody do this?
At first, I thought it was just to get me.
But now we know it was more.
Whoever's blackmailing me
is also connected to Elizabeth's murder.
I think the original plan was to frame me
as a way to hurt Reddington
by damaging one of his
most powerful weapons, this task force.
So whoever's behind this knows we exist.
And when framing me didn't work,
the plan changed to blackmail.
To leverage me as a way
to stay one step ahead of Reddington.
By using you to do things
like hide Kennison.
[Aram] So Reddington's right.
Vandyke pulled the trigger that killed Liz
but someone else is behind it.
So, what now?
[Cooper]
I face the consequences of my actions.
I've called Panabaker. She's on her way.
I've had some low moments
these last few months.
Maybe the worst
was asking Charlene to lie.
The idea that I involved her in this
is almost more than I can bear.
But lying to you all...
whatever happens to me now, I deserve it.
How do you feel?
How do I feel?
I feel a sense of inevitability.
That it doesn't matter what I want or do.
The world is what it is.
The loss is permanent.
Elizabeth will always be dead.
What do I feel?
I'm concerned
that I won't be able to contain myself.
That I still haven't seen
the worst of who I am.
No, I don't think you have.
[suspenseful music playing]
When do I get to choose?
-Never.
-[Kennison] Never?
You guys are guarding me. How's that fair?
Government's paying,
so we choose the restaurant.
[all shouting]
[suspenseful music playing]
Let go of me.
What is happening?
Who are you? What--?
Remember why we are here.
-I think that's just about everything.
-You think?
You knew your weapon had been fired.
And because you ran
your own ballistics test,
-you knew it was a match?
-Yes.
You lied to the detective.
You actively concealed the match
by altering the gun.
-No. It was my friend who did that.
-Uh-huh.
Did you turn him in?
No. He's aware we're talking.
And so is Charlene.
I convinced her to provide an alibi.
Asking her to lie for me
is my greatest regret.
What about the bartender?
Went to his home, found him murdered.
But you never told the police
what you knew?
-Correct.
-Kennison? Where is he?
The Marshals have him.
You should know
Reddington's looking for him.
I assume whoever's blackmailing me
was also behind Keen's death.
They want Kennison gone.
He knows something.
-We should bring him in--
-We won't be doing anything.
You went too far.
I can sell looking the other way
when Reddington crosses the line.
Hell, we let Dembe Zuma join the Bureau.
There's a lot of stretch where this
task force is concerned, but you?
Obstruction, tampering,
corruption, kidnapping?
Or at the very least
unlawful imprisonment?
[phone rings]
Excuse me, Cynthia.
This is Cooper.
When?
I told you there was a credible threat.
Were any of the Marshals hurt?
I see.
Thanks. My people will get right on it.
That was the Marshals Service.
Kennison was taken.
By Reddington?
Who else?
Jeez Louise.
So much for Witness Protection.
Do you know who I am?
No. I don't.
My name is Raymond Reddington.
I'm a criminal and a fugitive.
I'm wanted in every country on earth
and at the top
of the FBI's Most Wanted List.
I'm armed
and I'm dangerous.
And the most important person
in the world to me
is dead because of you.
Because of your little device.
Do you recognize it?
Hmm.
It was recovered from a former FBI agent
named Elizabeth Keen.
I don't know who that is.
Perhaps not.
But you do know something.
Someone wanted you hidden...
so that I wouldn't discover what that is.
You designed this?
Yes. It's a medication monitor and track--
I'm past what it is and what it does.
It clearly wasn't made
in a manufacturing plant.
No. It's a prototype.
My wife suffers from mental illness.
I designed it for people like her.
You gave it to someone who used it
to track and murder Elizabeth Keen.
-Murder?
-Tell me who.
You've got it wrong. I gave that to a cop.
A police officer?
Yeah. I met him at a business forum,
where people who are
trying to start companies
set up booths to discuss concepts.
I was trying to find investors.
You were supposed to
run a trial at a clinic.
It got canceled.
And I was getting desperate.
And then this guy shows up,
introduces himself
as a detective from New York City.
He thinks my idea has potential,
but not for medical reasons,
as a tracking device.
He says the NYPD might be interested
in trying it out for a few investigations.
Did he show you identification?
He had a badge and everything.
Reggie Cole. Detective Reginald Cole.
I thought, "Hey, it's not what I want,
but if the cops support my company,
that's something."
-So you gave this to him?
-That was a few years ago.
I didn't hear from him,
so I figured the top brass didn't bite.
That's the God's honest truth.
If it is, you'll be in class
by this time tomorrow.
If it's not...
you won't.
Guys, I think I have got something.
I mean, I am pretty sure
I've got something, unless I don't.
But I do.
So the best way we can help Mr. Cooper now
is to find whoever targeted him.
It doesn't change the crimes he committed,
-but that's the idea.
-[Aram] Check this out.
Mr. Cooper recorded his last
conversation with the blackmailer
and sent it to me.
I have been listening non-stop.
-I thought the voice was altered?
-It was, but I listened anyway
for something weird about the word choice
or a train sound in the background.
-You heard something?
-Nothing.
But listening over and over again
did give me another idea.
A voice modification program
is just modifying a voice.
It is an algorithm
that changes key variables
like pitch, tone, speed, distortion.
I understood that.
So I am thinking,
why can't I invert those changes?
If you knew what changes were made,
you could reverse them
and get back to the original voice.
But you can't know
the changes that were made.
You mean, I can't know for sure.
Fortunately, this isn't my first rodeo.
I've never actually been to a rodeo,
so if I ever go,
it will be my first rodeo.
But fortunately, this isn't my first time
examining Fourier series and transforms.
And I'm lost.
Point is, I can't know
what modifications were made,
but I can make a series
of educated guesses.
And I know the best software out there
and how I would sweeten the mix.
Here, listen.
[man on recording] Andrew Kennison.
Well, I need him to go away.
Andrew Kennison.
Andrew Kennison. Well, I need him to--
So I have six different versions.
I can't know if any are right,
but I reversed the process
a little differently on each.
One of these recordings
is the actual voice, but which one?
Cooper thinks the blackmailer
is a detective from New York.
We could send all
to the Chief of Detectives.
Maybe one sounds familiar.
[footsteps approaching]
Agent Ressler,
please place Director Cooper under arrest.
He intends to make a full statement.
Not a chance.
It's okay, Donald.
The hell it is.
How many times has Main Justice looked
the other way for Reddington or even Keen?
-This is your turn.
-That's not up for discussion.
I will do my best to argue
for leniency, believe that.
What if we walk?
There is no task force without Mr. Cooper.
That would be a mistake.
There's still important work to do.
I want justice
for what was done to me
and, more importantly, for Elizabeth.
The four of you are
the best chance we've got to get it.
Harold Cooper,
you have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you cannot afford an attorney,
one will be appointed for you.
Do you understand these rights
as I've explained them?
Yes.
And with these rights in mind,
do you wish to make a statement?
[Marvin]
Obstruction, falsifying documents,
tampering with physical evidence,
misappropriating federal funds.
Oh, and I haven't even gotten
to the charges of
depriving Andrew Kennison of his liberty.
I know what he did, Marvin.
What I'm asking is how
we make sure a jury never does.
Oh, Cooper's case isn't going to a jury.
He'll plead guilty and pray
he gets a favorable sentence.
It can't come to that.
Go to the Post Office.
Harold's there, talk to him.
You want me to defend him?
He can't go to prison,
for his sake or for Agnes'.
You're the boss.
I just have this one appointment,
then I can cancel the rest of
my afternoon and meet you there.
Actually, I've got plans.
I spoke with the man who designed
that device we recovered from Elizabeth.
Good news. What'd he say?
Enough. I know who I'm looking for
and where to find him.
I'll take care of business,
you take care of Harold.
Okay, guys, let's do this.
[recorder beeps]
You really wanna do this?
Make a full confession?
Strange how things happen, isn't it?
I wouldn't let Reddington see Agnes
because I thought
I should protect her from him.
She finally had a good home,
a stable family.
-And now I'm the one who--
-You could fight it.
Force the U.S. Attorney to make
their case beyond a reasonable doubt.
You know I won't.
I've spent my life holding others
accountable for their crimes.
I'm glad it's you.
Let's get it over with.
That's gonna have to wait.
Sorry, not sorry to interrupt.
But we have got a suspect,
and Mr. Cooper was right.
Almost.
The person blackmailing you
was a New York City detective.
Was?
We just heard from the office of
the New York Chief of Detectives.
A precinct captain in Brooklyn recognized
one of the voices we sent
as a Reginald Cole.
Reggie spent 25 years in the NYPD,
17 as a Brooklyn detective.
-He's retired?
-I thought so at first.
But I took a closer look.
At the time he left,
Cole was the subject of
multiple IAB investigations.
A grand jury
was deliberating on an indictment
for multiple counts
of official corruption,
drug money seized and unaccounted for,
allegations of excessive force,
witness intimidation.
In the end, the cases
against him fell apart.
A key witness was found murdered.
We're dealing with somebody
with a malfunctioning ethical compass.
[Aram] When he left the department,
he left New York.
Now, he works in D.C.
as a private investigator,
and his website says
he handles highly sensitive matters,
both personal and professional.
What do you have? I'm in a rush.
My campaign won't wait.
[Cole] Yeah, I know you're busy.
But you hired me to find quality dirt,
the kind that ends careers,
so I thought you might
wanna see this right away.
You did it? What did he do? Infidelity?
Oh, please, let it be a sex scandal,
that pious son of a bitch.
[Aram] He has an office in Logan Circle.
I ghost-called him minutes ago,
he picked up.
If we roll out now, we can be there in 15.
Oh, my God. How did you get this?
-Does it matter?
-Matter?
I hired you to do oppo research,
to get damaging intel on my opponent.
I tried, but turns out,
he's squeaky clean.
You, on the other hand, not so much.
You've been
misappropriating campaign funds. Oof.
[clicking tongue] Bad congresswoman.
I don't get it. Who's this guy?
Why would a shady former detective
be connected to killing Keen?
We're about to find out.
Let's pull a warrant and bring him in.
What do you want?
I'm a simple guy, Ms. Newton.
A hundred thousand should be good for now.
You're shaking me down? I'm your client.
I know. A thing of beauty, isn't it?
This way, you get to pay me twice,
to check out your opponent
and to keep my mouth shut.
You have 24 hours, Di.
See you tomorrow.
[cell phone rings]
Yeah?
What?
Okay, okay.
[dramatic music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
Get outside, see if you can find him.
Damn it.
Still hot.
[intense music playing]
I've got eyes. He's a runner.
So Cole's retired
but he still has his shield?
[Park] Every department is different.
NYPD makes you turn it in,
but they don't always enforce the rule.
Maybe it's a replica.
People don't realize,
but a lot of cops carry dupe shields
so they don't risk losing the real thing.
What, are you seeing this?
That's Cole.
FBI! Drop the weapon! On the ground.
-Federal agents!
-Okay, it's down.
It's down.
I should've known.
Hey, sorry, fellas.
Too little, too late.
[door opens]
[door closes, then footsteps approaching]
I'm okay, Cynthia. Really.
For the first time, I'm hopeful.
-Hopeful?
-We've got a lead.
The man blackmailing me is Reginald Cole,
a private investigator
and a former NYPD detective.
That's good news, Harold.
I'm afraid I'm here
to deliver the opposite.
You spoke to the attorney general.
And he spoke to the president
and the Senate oversight committee.
It's what we were afraid of.
They don't love our arrangement
with Reddington.
Then they're wrong.
We're approaching 200 Blacklisters.
Man has done more
for law enforcement than anyone.
Preaching to the choir.
Remember, I'm the one who went to bat
for reconstituting the task force.
They're not stupid.
They know Reddington
continues to commit crimes.
And Keen's death was an embarrassment.
Proof that things
had gotten way beyond my control.
How do you think we got back here?
I made promises.
I had to assure people
we'd have a very tight leash.
How was I supposed to go back now
and say, "The man in charge,
the assistant director of the FBI,
committed, I don't know,
a dozen felonies, but, hey,
we should look the other way"?
So they want to indict me?
I'm not giving up.
You know how it works.
Law enforcement is politics.
If we can make some cases, big ones,
that expose whatever
conspiracy is going on...
They'll be too busy touting
the victory to focus on me.
It's your best chance.
If the story has the right ending,
they might forget this entire chapter.
Thank you, Cynthia.
I appreciate you shooting straight.
-[Aram] You got him.
-Barely. Reddington almost beat us there.
-Any news on Cooper?
-With Ms. Panabaker.
[Panabaker] Agent Ressler?
You won't be happy
with the decision on Harold.
-The AG wants to charge him?
-For now.
But if we make a solid case
against whoever is responsible,
we may be able to change that.
-Who's running point?
-I am.
You should know the pressure's on.
It is critically important
that your suspect talks.
If he doesn't,
we may not have enough to hold him.
[elevator door opens]
I need a word.
You're making a mistake.
Agent Ressler is making a mistake.
-He's trying to do what's best for Harold.
-So am I.
And what's best for Harold is to find
the person who orchestrated this insanity.
I'm in a better position
to accomplish that quickly.
There are times
to handle things by the book,
then there are times like this.
-So all you care about is answers.
-I care about accountability.
I respect that.
After what we've been through,
I'm hardly the one to get up on a high
horse about the right way to do things.
Let me handle this
in the way I know is best.
If you do, anything you learn
will be inadmissible in any prosecution.
I need to hand the AG
solid cases, solid evidence.
Listen to me. We're losing time.
Reggie Cole knew I was coming.
That means whoever
he's working with knew as well.
-They will not let you interrogate him.
-[phone ringing]
What does that mean?
We have him in custody.
Director Cooper's office.
What? What are you talking about?
How is that possible?
It's too late, isn't it?
Bring him in. I'll talk to him myself.
Security says
Reggie Cole's lawyer is here.
[keypad beeping, then line ringing]
Marvin, change of plan.
I'm at the Post Office.
Don't come in. I'll meet you out back.
Senator Panabaker.
Tyson Lacroix.
You're an attorney?
I'm Reginald Cole's attorney.
What is this?
How did you know about Cole's arrest?
How did you get here?
How did you know this building existed?
There seems to be some misunderstanding.
I'm not here to answer questions.
I'm here to stop you from asking them.
Mr. Cole is my client.
As of this moment,
you are precluded from
questioning him under any circumstances.
I don't know who you are,
but I can tell you this,
you are now squarely
on the Justice Department's radar.
You don't wanna answer our questions?
We'll get the answers, anyway.
Good luck with that.
I'd like to see my client now.
[Panabaker] You think it'd be that easy?
Did you think you could just waltz
into a black site and make demands?
-I have a right to see my client.
-And you will. At his arraignment.
Oh, please.
You don't have enough to charge him.
He murdered Doug Koster.
That'd concern me if you had
a shred of evidence proving it was true.
He targeted the assistant director
of the FBI, tried to frame him.
Mere accusations.
And the bartender he forced
into helping him was also killed.
How sad.
Not that some bartender was killed
but that you can't seem to accept reality.
[Ressler] And what's that?
You have nothing. You can't connect
my client to either murder.
-This frame-up sounds like total fiction.
-That we can prove.
He was blackmailing Cooper.
We have your
client's voice on a recording.
You have an altered voice on a recording.
You made assumptions
when you descrambled the voice,
but you can't be sure
if you accurately reversed the process.
The NYPD confirmed it was Cole.
It sounds like Cole.
Sounds like.
-I've heard enough. Get him out of here.
-Already? I'm just getting started.
Hell, I've not said a word
about Agent Keen.
And there it is.
The motive.
I assume you know about the tracking
device recovered from Agent Keen?
I may have heard something, yes.
Maybe you wanna tell us why
your client acquired a tracking device
that was used to stalk
and murder our agent?
He bought the tracker. That's not a crime.
You can't prove
he caused Keen to ingest it
and that he had any contact with Vandyke.
-How do you know that name?
-Enough.
Agent Park,
take Mr. Lacroix to Interrogation 2.
Give him two minutes, no more. Understood?
Thank you.
I'll leave you folks
to talk amongst yourselves.
-Don't even say it.
-[Panabaker] I have to. He's right.
We didn't have enough
without a confession.
-We're cutting this guy loose?
-What do you wanna do? Charge him?
Then what, watch our case
just fall apart? No.
If we're gonna do this,
we do it once and make it stick.
So that's a yes?
We'll let Cole walk out of here?
Raymond was right.
Mr. Cole, your lawyer's here.
Took you long enough.
-Have a seat.
-I'd rather not.
-We won't be staying here much longer.
-They're releasing me?
Let's not talk here. My car is outside.
I'll explain when we get to my office.
["Mercy Street" playing]
♪ All she can see ♪
♪ Are the dreams all made solid ♪
♪ Are the dreams made real ♪
♪ All of the buildings ♪
♪ And all of the cars... ♪
I'll say it.
This job can be confusing,
and I've been lost plenty of times before,
but I have no idea who those guys are
or what the heck it is we're dealing with.
Let's get a wiretap warrant
for Cole's phone.
I'll ask around on the hill,
see if anyone knows Lacroix.
I'll tell Cooper the bad news.
It's not over yet.
Raymond will know what to do.
♪ Wait until darkness comes... ♪
-What's his name?
-Reginald Cole.
-Former New York Police detective.
-[Marvin] They're releasing him?
Not happily. But they know
the Justice Department
is watching their every move,
so they won't charge if there's
a possibility the case won't hold up.
Guess it's his lucky day.
-Hardly. If Cole wants to live,
-[keypad beeping]
his best chance
is to stay inside that building.
He's burned,
and whoever he works for knows it.
He's not the only one.
Now the lawyer's burned too.
Chuck, I want them as soon
as they're on the road.
-That's them.
-[Marvin] You wanna hit them in transit?
Don't you wanna
find out where they're going?
They're leaving now.
Intercept in five minutes.
[car horn honking]
Weecha, get us out of here.
[tires screeching]
♪ Anne, with her father ♪
♪ Is out in the boat ♪
♪ Riding the water ♪
♪ Riding the waves ♪
♪ On the sea ♪
[theme music playing]